README.md, before:

# Box Arcade Framework (Pygame)

A modular local-multiplayer arcade framework using rectangular box characters (`pygame.Rect`). First game implemented: **TAG**.

## Features
- Python + Pygame
- All characters are colored boxes (no sprites/assets)
- 1–4 human players + optional bots (same keyboard)
- Configurable per-player key bindings via `keybindings.json`
- Clean OOP: Game loop, Players, InputHandler, Collision, Timer/Score, Scenes
- Scene flow: Menu → Game → Results

## Run
Ensure Python 3.9+ is installed. Install pygame if needed:

```bash
python -m pip install pygame
```

Start the game:

```bash
python main.py
```

## Key Bindings
Editable in `keybindings.json`. Use readable names: `w`, `left`, `up`, `i`, `j`, `k`, `l`, `KP_8`, `KP_4`, `KP_5`, `KP_6`.
Bindings are loaded at runtime and converted to pygame key codes; values are not hardcoded in code.

## Game: TAG
- One player starts as **IT**.
- Colliding with another player transfers **IT** status.
- Match is timer-based; players accumulate seconds spent as IT.
- Fewer IT seconds wins.
- Movement is smooth and clamped to boundaries.
- HUD shows current IT player and remaining time.

## Controls (Menu)
- Left/Right: adjust humans (1–4)
- Up/Down: adjust bots (0–4)
- PageUp/PageDown: match time (10–300s)
- Enter: start, Esc: quit/back

## Files
- `main.py`: Game loop + scenes
- `input.py`: JSON-driven key mapping
- `player.py`: `HumanPlayer` and `BotPlayer`
- `games/tag.py`: Tag rules, collision, timer & scoring

## Extend
Add new games under `games/`. Reuse `Player` and `InputHandler`. Keep physics in `pygame.Rect`.

Commit message:

Enhanced Menu and Nav Flow

README.md, after:

# Box Arcade Framework (Pygame)

A modular local-multiplayer arcade framework using rectangular box characters (`pygame.Rect`). First game implemented: **TAG**.

## Features
- Python + Pygame
- All characters are colored boxes (no sprites/assets)
- 1–4 human players + optional bots (same keyboard)
- Configurable per-player key bindings via `keybindings.json`
- Clean OOP: Game loop, Players, InputHandler, Collision, Timer/Score, Scenes
- Scene flow: Menu → Game → Results

## Run
Ensure Python 3.9+ is installed. Install pygame if needed:

```bash
python -m pip install pygame
```

Start the game:

```bash
python main.py
```

## Menu & Lobby System
- Keyboard-only, rectangular box-based UI (no sprites/images).
- Scene architecture:
	- Home: entry point with Start, Mode Select, Game Select, Quit.
	- Mode Select: choose `PvP (Local)` or `Singleplayer`.
	- Game Select: choose a game (e.g., `Tag (Boxes)`).
- Selected option is highlighted; use Up/Down to navigate, Enter to select, Esc to go back.
- Selections are stored in a simple `LobbyState` for launching games later.

## Key Bindings
Editable in `keybindings.json`. Use symbolic names (preferred): `K_W`, `K_A`, `K_S`, `K_D`, `K_LEFT`, `K_RIGHT`, `K_UP`, `K_DOWN`, `K_KP8`, `K_KP4`, `K_KP5`, `K_KP6`.
Synonyms accepted and normalized: `w`/`A` → `K_a`, `left`/`ArrowLeft` → `K_LEFT`, `NUMPAD8`/`KP_8`/`K_KP8` → `K_KP8`.
Bindings are loaded at runtime and converted to pygame key constants; values are not hardcoded in code.

## Game: TAG
- One player starts as **IT**.
- Colliding with another player transfers **IT** status.
- Match is timer-based; players accumulate seconds spent as IT.
- Fewer IT seconds wins.
- Movement is smooth and clamped to boundaries.
- HUD shows current IT player and remaining time.

## Controls (Menu)
- Left/Right: adjust humans (1–4)
- Up/Down: adjust bots (0–4)
- PageUp/PageDown: match time (10–300s)
- Enter: start, Esc: quit/back

## Files
- `main.py`: Game loop + scenes
- `input.py`: JSON-driven key mapping
- `player.py`: `HumanPlayer` and `BotPlayer`
- `games/tag.py`: Tag rules, collision, timer & scoring

## Extend
Add new games under `games/`. Reuse `Player` and `InputHandler`. Keep physics in `pygame.Rect`.
